On November 30th 2022 the world changed forever.
Artificial intelligence or Ai became accessible to the general public For free
And this happened because of a little thing called, chatgpt
*chatgpt* montage. Ai is 
getting more and more powerful every single day.
It starting to beat actual professionals in chess, poker, videos games, and even camel
racing? Yes, believe it or not, that is a robot on
that camels back. Controlling it in a camel race. I didn t even know they raced camels.
So, it got me thinking. If artificial intelligence can beat humans in very advanced activities
like chess. Could it beat humans in something as advanced
as trading in the stock market? Which if you really sit down and think about
it, there are multiple reasons why AI would be better than humans at trading.
Speed and efficiency. Ai can analyze vast amounts of financial data in the matter of
seconds. Which a human obviously cannot do. Ai s have no emotion. Unlike a human, AI s
don t experience emotions such as fear, greed, or excitement. Which when trading, those types
of emotions cloud your judgement and lead to poor trading decisions.
Continuous monitoring. Ai don t need to sleep. They can trade 24 hour every single day. Which
obviously we cannot do. I need my beaty sleep, ya know?
Then finally, consistency. One of the hardest parts about trading is sticking to a set trading
plan. For one reason or another we ve all diverged from our trading plan atleast once.
Whether that s moving a stop loss, entering early, exiting late. Whatever it is, you ve
probably done it. The thing about AI, it will always stick to that trading plan no matter
what. So I wanted to put it to the test.
I coded a trading bot from scratch with all the trading knowledge I ve learned from the
past 8 years. I coded everything I know into this bot. The
ability to read market structure, momentum, volume, level II data, everything.
I basically wanted to create me and my trading style and how I would personally trade into
a little baby robot. This bot will automatically enter, exit, and
make every single trading decision for me. While I eat a peanut butter jelly sandwichs
on my couch watching ai camel racing. So I wanted to know what would happen if I
put $30,000 into a brand new trading account and completely left the bot alone and let
it trade for me for 1 week. Would I actually make money on autopilot?
Or would I lose the $30,000 within seconds? Now I had to make some rules for this video.
I m not a loud to interfere with this account at all, I cant help the bot trade in any way,
all I can do is turn on the bot, and let it trade.
It s kind of like a game show. I m gonna call it. Does this Ai Strategy really
work? Or is it a money loser? Game show. By tradinglab
So the code we are going to be using for the ai is from my own personal private indicator
from tradinglab.ai. Now my indicator is only available on Meta
Trader 5. Which is a charting platform. And to be honest, its probably one of the
worst looking trading platforms out there. Like it literally looks like 2001 excel.
So you may be asking, why are you using this absolute abomination of a charting platform?
Well there is one specific reason why I like Meta trader so much. And that reason is They
make it extremely easy to connect bots to automatically trade for you.
Because normally, you would need to code an indicator, have that indicator send its signals
to a trading bot, then have that bot, send its signals to a stock trading API, and have
that API, execute the orders. Which if you have no idea what im talking
about, this may sound slightly easy, let me tell you, its not.
Which im going to be completely honest, coding all of this is probably the worst thing on
planet earth. On meta trader they make it really easy to
do it. You essentially connect what called an EA
which stands for Expert advisor which is basically another word for bot. I guess it sounds more
professional tho. *ahhh yes, ill have my expert advisor take
care of it Anyways, as long as you have the indicator
or whatever is providing the signals, connecting it to a broker is infinitely times easier
on Meta Trader then creating it manually. So that s the main reasoning for why we are
using Meta trader. So its quite simple actually. After I have
the EA setup. Every time my indicator gives a buy signal, the EA will note that, send
an execution order to my broker, my broker will then buy it. Then once the indicator
gives a sell signal, the broker will automatically sell it. Completing the trade. Pretty simple.
So now that we know what code im using, how im going to use that code to automatically
trade for me, we move to next step which is funding my brand new account.
So when I originally thought of this video idea I was originally just going to trade
with just $1,000. But if you re watching this video now, you ll see in the title I says
I gave the Ai $30,000. Hmm, weird right. So how did I go from $1,000 to $30,000?
Let me explain. So my indicator gives both long trades and
short trades. Which if you don t know, long trades you make money as the chart is going
up, short trades, you make money as the market is going down.
In order to short stocks, you need to be able to use margin. Which is borrowing money from
you broker. And I completely forget there is stupidest
rule on planet earth that the SEC made called the pattern day trading rule . Which basically
means in order to use both margin and do more than 3 consecutive day trades a week I need
a margin account. Which if I want a margin account, I need to add $25,000 or more into
the account. I ended up putting $30,000 in so I had some
wiggle room. So I went from wanting to only put $1,000
to putting $30,000. Which means if this ai strategy goes terribly wrong, well, pray for
me. So once I realized this rule, all I have to
do is fund $30,000 into my trading account. I feel like this is great time to talk about
today s sponsor. Hankotrade.
Hankotrade is who I personally use as my forex broker. Its kind of funny because I used them
way before they asked to sponsor me, so when they did, I frantically said yes.
They are overall just a good forex broker. Low fees, low spreads, easy to use platform.
And one of the main reasons why I like them so much is because they are one of the few
brokers you can hook up directly to the EA I was talking about before on Meta Trader.
So they make it really easy to setup automatic trading bots.
If you use the link in my description. They will match whatever you first deposit. So
if you deposit say $100, they give you $100. Thank you hankotrade for sponsoring this video.
I love you. Alright, so the account is now funded.
But we ran into a slight issue. If you ve ever watched one of my videos before,
I always say time and time again to never follow the private indicator blindly, by just
following the signals. Which is essentially exactly what we are about
to do. There are multiple reasons for why this is
not a good idea. One being if the market is super bearish and
is falling, the indicator still might give you a long entry buy signal. Which as we all
know, is a big no no. So what I usually always recommend is using
the indicator as more of a tool rather than blindly following it. Use the trend table
it provides, use the orderblocks, and all of its other features. and use them as tools
to HELP you make trading decisions rather than it making the trading decisions.
Which as I said, if the bot is trading for us, its blindly following the signals. Which
is kind of a bummer. And I thought that ruin the whole video if
I was helping it make decisions on which specific signals to put more weight on.
So I had to do some brain storming. Because the indicator can t really read market
sentiment by itself. That is, Until now. I added a feature that you can manually or
automatically adjust the market sentiment. So for example, if for some reason you think
the market is going to be very bearish that week, because of rising interest rates, bad
economic news, a war is breaking out, or Donald trump made another tweet.
You can just go to the indicator settings and say the market sentiment is bearish.
Which then, the indicator will automatically give you less long trades and more short trades.
Giving the short trades more weight during this period.
If you said the market sentiment is bullish. It will show you more long trades compared
to short trades. Adding just this one little tool to the indicator,
has greatly increased the profitability of it, atleast when it comes to just blindly
following it. It also makes me feel way more comfortable, letting the bot follow the signals
blindly with $30,000. As im editing this now, its now Saturday.
And I plan to start this 7 day challenge on Monday.
But to be honest, I have no idea what s about to happen. And im kind of scared. No im really
scared. It will be cool to see if the bot can make
money completely on its own without me doing absolutely any work. Because its almost kind
of my baby and it would be like uh proud dad moment.
Like Imagine if you birthed a baby and made the baby go into work for you as you watched
ai camel racing and it came home every day with a bag. Like, that would be the definition
of a cool life. So as the clock ticked down, I got more and
more anxious of what was about to happen. Then, Monday morning came.
I woke up at 6:30, went to my computer, and set the parameters for each trade.
For one, I made it so the bot can go above $5,000 for any single trade.
Two, It will only be trading stocks. I gave it a list of 10 stocks to choose from.
Three. Its going to be using the 3 hour timeframe for its signals as that is the timeframe that
performed the best. Once the parameters were entered. I nervously
started the bot. And then something crazy happened
Absolutely nothing. I waited for about 4 hours and the bot didn
t take one single trade. The reasoning behind this was because we were using the 3 hour
time frame and that ended up being a mistake. Atleast for this experiment, because we wernt
getting a lot of signals, so the bot wasn t making a lot of trades.
So I decided to make the bold and rash decision to change the timeframe to the one hour timeframe.
I also looked at the chart history, and if we were going to do the one hour time frame
for a week period. The bot would only take around like 10 trades.
So I decided I would now change the time period to one month of testing. Just so we can better
understand this experiment and get a lot more trades in to see if this thing actually works.
Which kind of sucks because I want to upload this video right away, but looks like we gotta
wait a month. Which is kind of crazy. Because a lot can
happen in one month and that s a lot of time to purely let a bot trade. So changing from
a one week of testing to one month makes me feel even more nervous.
But f it. I set the bot to trade on the 1 hour timeframe
and completely left it alone for one whole month.
Fast forward Alright guys its been one month.
I started this bot on January 17th and it is now February 18th and the result are in.
As I m talking right now. I m looking at the balance. Im still in absolute shock.
I cant believe this happened. So the bot traded 10 different stocks. Apple,
google, Microsoft, amd, nivida, tesla, Disney, amazon, Visa, Costco.
and one of these gave some pretty interesting results.
Can you guess which one it was? *intense music*
That s a little foreshadowing. First, we ll start with Apple.
So just so you guys know what the signals mean. A green arrow means a long entry. These
1 and 2 s are take profits. If you see a green x, that means the bot exited, but it was a
losing trade. And it s the Same thing with shorts, red arrow
means entry, 1 and 2s take profits, red x means the bot exited but it was a losing trade.
So how did the bot did the bot do for the very fist trade it took? The first trade to
set the momentum for this whole experiment. It was a loss.
It tried entering a short and it looks like it miscalculated a bit.
It printed this red x which means it exited the short and hit our stop loss.
Great start. And this loss was a 2.3% loss, which means,
with a $5,000 entry, makes this a $115 loss. I could of bought 10 chipotle burritos with
that money. But if you look a little bit closer, something
interesting happened. right as the bot exited the short, it also
entered into a long trade. And this long, actually ended up being a winning
trade. For a 3.5% win.
Making all of our money back. Plus $60. So now we are in the profit baby.
AS we move throughout the month, the bot took 4 more trades on Apple.
Totaling 6 trades, 4 being winners and 2 being losers.
The bot actually did exceptionally well on apple, as if we total up all the % s it made,
it made a whopping 5.85% profit for the month. And this is just for apple. Which is absolutely
insane. I m so proud. But since we set a max of $5,000 per trade
for risk management purposes.. This 5.85% isnt 5.85% of the $30,000, it s 5.85% of $5,000.
So we made a total of $292.50 on apple during this one month.
Even if it s just $292. It s so cool to think that the bot did this completely on its own.
You did good sport, you did good. Next we move onto google.
For google, we took a total of 3 trades. 2 being winners, one being a loser.
It ended up being a great dub as we made a total of 6.9% for the month. Making $345.
Onto the next one. Microsoft. Microsoft was interesting one. Purely because
the bot took the most amount of trades on Microsoft.
So the bot took a total of 7 trades. 5 being winners, 2 being losers.
For one of the losses, the bot entered a long up here, but it took a little profit before
it hit the stop loss, so the loss ended up not being that bad. After all the trades it
took. It profited a staggering 13.25%. Making a total of $662.50
Our next candidate. Was Tesla. If you know anything about tesla it is extremely
volatile. And as the test was running, I was watching
this one live a lot because both the winners and losers were super big, so it was very
nerve racking watching it live. Tesla took a total of 5 trades, and profited
24.2% during the month. Making a total of $1,210. That s absolutely beautiful.
Our next ticker, was AMD. And AMD was kind of a heart breaker.
It actually was the bots big loser. Having a total of 3 trades and 2 being losses.
It totaled a 3% loss, losing $150. Now I don t want this video to be extremely
long, so I ll just quickly go over the rest of the ticker symbols. Feel free to pause
the video if you want to see any specific trades.
Nividia. 6 trades, 4 wins, 2 losses. 8.9% profit. $445.
Disney. 3 trades, 3 wins, 0 losses. 8.5% profit. $425
Amazon. 7 trades. 3 wins, 4 losses. 3.63% profit. $181.50
Visa. 2 trades. 1 win, 1 loss. 1% loss. -$55. Costco. 5 trades. 4 wins, 1 loss. 7.6% gains.
$380. But there are some major points we have to
go over Now I want to be extremely extremely clear.
One, I think we could of done a lot better if again, we were using the bot as more of
a tool. Rather than just blindly following it.
But at the same time, its pretty cool to have something like this run completely in the
background by itself. But also, all of these trades for the most
part, were traded while the market was trending. So we might of gotten a little lucky, its
hard to tell. As in the last week of the testing the market started moving sideways a bit more
and started to consolidate. Whenever the market does consolidate, the bot doesn t work as
well. As you can see here, when the market started
moving sideways, that s when the bot started producing more losing trades.
So basically the bot does exceptionally well when the market is trending. And not so good
when the market is consolidating. And for the majority of this test, the market
was trending. So keep that in mind. So that defiantly helped with the results.
It could have been a lot worst if the market was moving sideways the whole time.
But if you were to trade manually. You could easily avoid that with the trend table. Because
there is a feature where it will tell you if the market is consolidating, so you just
simply wouldn t trade during this period. I just wanted to clear that up.
So, after totaling all of the trades. The bot took a total of 47 trades in one month.
Out of those 47, 16 were losses, 31 were wins. And the moment you ve all been waiting for,
the bot made a total of $3,736.50. Taking our account total from $30,000 to $33,736.50.
In one month of trading, completely on its own, without me touching at all. Which is
still mind blowing to me. The bot made a total of 74.73% during the
month. So if we didn t put the 5,000 cap per trade and used all $30,000 for every single
trade. We would have made $22,419 in a month. Without doing any work Which is kind of sacking.
But even with that said, I think doing this over, I would still put the cap, just for
risk management purposes. Because if you re using all of your capital for every single
trade, you could easily blow up an account if you got on a loss streak.
So yeah, I think this experiment was a massive success. After doing this, it really opened
my eyes to the potential of what this bot can actually do.
In no way is perfect, but this has kind of inspired me to work more on the automated
features and signals, to make this perform even better.
Because I honestly do think automation is the future of trading. And if you re early,
there is some serious potential for profits. So maybe ill keep this bot running in the
background for a year or so and let you guys know what ends up happening on my Instagram.
If you re not following me on Instagram, what are you doing But I could not be any more proud with the
results it produced. If you guys want to check out the private
indicator for yourself. You can go to tradinglab.ai. Ill put a link in the description.
If you made it this far in the video, I just want to say thank you.
This video took me 37 days to make. Which is the longest ive ever worked on a video.
So thanks for watching till the end. Because you made it to the end, here s a coupon
for the indicator. Ill make it Aiissexy.
Thanks for watching and ill see you guys, next time.